THE WATCHER: Asgard's nightmare
is the same in many realities.
The flames of Ragnarok.
In your universe,
Odin entrusted the Tesseract
to a village on Earth
after achieving an age of peace.
But in this universe, fire came for Asgard
before he had the chance.
I am Asgard's doom.
No!
THE WATCHER: The destruction
of Asgard would lead to
new wonders
from a single ember of the past.
The Tesseract survived Ragnarok
and would find a new home
in a new world.
Time.
Space.
Reality.
It's more than a linear path.
It's a prism of endless possibility,
where a single choice
can branch out into infinite realities,
creating alternate worlds
from the ones you know.
I am the Watcher.
I am your guide
through these vast new realities.
Follow me and ponder the question...
"What if?"
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
(GASPS)
(CHUCKLES)
(KAHHORI SPEAKING)
(WÁHTA SPEAKING)
(WÁHTA GROANS AND SPEAKS)
Kahhori!
(KAHHORI EXCLAIMS AND CHUCKLES)
(WÁHTA SPEAKING)
(GASPS) Uh...
(GASPS)
Kahhori.
(WÁHTA SPEAKING)
-(MIMICS GULPING)
-(SHUSHES)
(GASPS)
Mmm.
-(GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
-(GASPS)
WÁHTA: Huh?
(GASPS)
(HORSE SNORTS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
-(KAHHORI SPEAKING)
-(WÁHTA YELLS)
(MAN 1 SPEAKING SPANISH)
(MAN 2 SPEAKING)
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
(GASPS)
(WÁHTA SPEAKING)
(KAHHORI SPEAKING)
(MAN 1 SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
-(PANTING)
-(GRAVELS CLATTERING)
KAHHORI: Hey!
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(YELPS)
(MAN 3 SPEAKING SPANISH)
-(MAN LAUGHING)
-(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
(WINCES)
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
(MAN CHUCKLES)
(IN ENGLISH) After the fall of Asgard,
the Tesseract took on a second life
among Kahhori's ancestors.
Breaking on impact, the Cube released
unmitigated Space Stone energy,
gifting its power to the lake.
Warriors, adventurers and other noble
tribespeople disappeared into the waters,
never to return.
Greed and grief ignited a terrible battle
amongst the surrounding nations.
In the end, peace was made,
and the lake's blood-soaked shores
were deemed cursed,
deterring all from returning to it.
Well, all but one.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GROANS)
-(WHOOSHING)
-(GASPS)
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CHUCKLES)
(GRUNTS)
Where?
(MAN SPEAKING SPANISH)
(KAHHORI GRUNTING)
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
-(SCREAMS)
-(CHUCKLES)
(KAHHORI SPEAKING)
(SIGHS) Kahhori.
-(BIRD CAWS)
-Huh?
(WHOOPING)
(BLOWS)
Huh?
(GROWLS)
(CHUCKLES)
Whoa! Ahhh!
(GASPS)
(CHUCKLES AND GRUNTS)
(LAUGHS)
(SCREAMS)
(PANTING)
(LAUGHS)
(EXCLAIMS)
(GRUNTS)
-(GASPS)
-Phew!
-(ALL MURMURING)
-(GASPS)
WOMAN: Kahhori.
(ALL CHEERING)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SOLDIERS CLAMORING)
(SCREAMS)
-(SCREAMS)
-No!
(SOLDIER SPEAKING)
(PEOPLE SINGING IN MOHAWK)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(LAUGHS) Kahhori.
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
(LAUGHS)
(YELLING IN SPANISH)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
(KAHHORI SPEAKING MOHAWK)
Kahhori.
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
(GROANS)
ATAHRAKS: Kahhori.
(KAHHORI GRUNTS)
(WHOOSHING)
(MEN SCREAMING)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(GRUNTING)
(GROWLS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(BELL RINGING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(CHUCKLES)
-(WIND WHISTLING)
-Huh?
(GROANS)
-(GASPS)
-(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
-(YELLS)
-(GRUNTS)
-Wáhta.
-Kahhori?
Wáhta?
Kahhori.
THE WATCHER:
So many stories spawn from a choice.
But Kahhori's victory wasn't because
she merely chose the right path.
No, it was her conviction,
because she remained true to her course,
unwavering in the face of both
devastation and miracles alike.
Such resolve is often
what burns brightest.
What elevates an individual
to something more.
And perhaps it's why heroes very seldom
stop after their first victory.
(MAN SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CHUCKLES)
-(WIND WHISTLING)
-(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
(GUARDS YELLING)
(SCREAMS)
THE WATCHER: (IN ENGLISH)
Kahhori and her people used the miracles
of the Sky World
to bring peace to their neighbors.
DR. STRANGE: Bravo.
THE WATCHER: But their greatest battle
has only just begun.
DR. STRANGE: World peace in record time.
I'm sure that'll last.
But I digress.
My name is Stephen Strange,
and I've been looking for you
for a long time.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)